Upstream avail adapter (#905)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign-sdk: adapters/avail/README.md

# Avail Sovereign DA adapter (presence)

This is a _research-only_ adapter making Avail compatible with the Sovereign SDK.

> **_NOTE:_** None of its code is suitable for production use.

> This adapter was originally written by Vibhu Rhajeev and the Avail team, but is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This adapter was originally written by Vibhu Rajeev, Aleksandar Terentić and the Avail team, but is
```
